I wanted to start off a bit because today is going to
be a very hater-themed live, eh,
Electra was very banned, eh, they're out
there saying a lot of things, okay?  And I
wanted to see this excerpt from
Paul.  What's up, Sergio?
Thank you so much.  Well, that's two super chats, we've
just started.  I wanted to see this
excerpt from Pablo haters, the
professional haters.  You know that Pablo does
n't seem to be taking it well either, he doesn't
take it well, but he's having his
issues, right?  There are the
harassment accounts we have behind us, which
are also affecting him because he's our lawyer
, right?  They go against him and all that
stuff.  Let's see, there's something I
wanted to
talk to you about, and it's
, well, they use it in English, they call them
haters, right?  Social media haters
, social media bullies
, right?  To put it in some
way.  Yesterday, a very funny thing happened: I
wrote some
verses, but nothing, in 10 minutes, in
a quarter of an hour, right?  That
I obviously love humility,
eh, I love humility,
eh, a couple of verses.  Kusuba Dallas to
comment on Ricky the feminist.  We also
have to comment on Ricky.   We
also have to mention it about Ricky.
Of course, in a few hours he'll be
testifying about a gender-based violence complaint filed
by his ex, Lali.  Okay,
we have to talk about it tonight too, of
course.  They'll have to be changed and such, I don't
know what.  And I recorded them, notice that I
recorded them not even with an
audio program in OBS, just on the fly,
right?  I read the verses as I went along and
recorded them like that in OBS, right?  And I said
to Lady Andión, "Hey, will you make me a base
for this?"  and so on and we'll do it, right?   We'll
do it a little bit
more like that, well, we'll add sound, we'll
add delay, if we ever
do it, eh, if not, then not either.  a
pretty down-to-earth thing
and just a reflection, but I
love it because half of
X's haters took that extract and started making
fun of it, that is, making fun of a
few verses in which you talk about some
sick people who are constantly watching
material from creators to make fun of it,
to mess with it and for all these
things, damn, I upload this and some
sick people come and take that material and make
fun of it and despise it and mess
with me.  It was, I mean, he closed
the circle in a spectacular way,
right?  And this made me reflect this
afternoon on the figure of the hater, the
hater, the bully, this type of
person, right?  Let's imagine there is a
content creator
named Roberto Martínez.  Damn, now
that there's a Roberto Martinez and he's taken
offense at me, I hope not, okay?  He's
a man I just made up
right now.  Okay.  And some fool comes along and on
Twitter he takes a user and calls himself
Roberto Martini, for example, right?  And he
starts saying that this guy is
all drunk.  He's describing a bit about
Javi the Canine, Javi the Wig and those
things that, by the way, have lost all
impact the moment
our name is removed.  Have you seen
what happened to Pelucas?  No, you lose
all impact on your account the
moment you remove my name.  This is a
bad idea what I'm saying, because
obviously what they're going to do is put it
back, you know?  But you
realize that they know them as they know them
as the Javis accounts, right?  The
stories about Javi all day long and I don't
know what and all these things, right?  And he
dedicates his day because, let's see, these
sick people I'm talking about, less than
three or four hours a day, impossible, and he
dedicates three or four hours a day to watching all of
Roberto Martínez's content, everything,
editing it, putting filters on it, everything.
See?  Absolutely everything, I mean, everything.
Look, my live streams, my
main channel videos, if I upload stories on
Instagram, my tweets, not just my
tweets, but any replies I
make on Twitch, everything, everything,
absolutely everything, everything, everything,
everything.  Damn, they even check the Social Blade
in the morning many
times to
ridicule it, etc.,
etc.  and you say, "What for?"  So,
what is it?  Look, some of these are people
who have been frustrated with me
because of things in the past, okay?  And they've
been frustrated with me because I've
let them down at x moment in their lives,
okay?  Look at Wilson, okay?  I mean,
Wilson, I think it's pretty obvious who he
is, okay?  I'm missing one thing.  I told you I was
going to make a video and all that, right?
I'm missing one thing.  I mean, Wilson, you
just have to look at his profile, what
he likes, how he writes.  There are a number of
things, aren't there?, that are very blatant, are
n't they?  But Wilson is a person from
our past who's online under a
different identity, right?  It's a person
from our past who has another
identity.  Because?  Well,
because he was wrong.  He was wrong.  He made a
mistake in the way he acted with
us and it turned out to be terrible.  It was terrible.
But well, I think it's very obvious
who it is.  Okay, what happens is that I'm missing
something that is more official.  I told you it was going to
be a live show, and when I do that
live show it's going to be [ __ ] awesome, okay?
When she does that live show she's going to be a real
[ __ ], a real [ __ ], a real [ __ ] [ __ ]
because it's so humiliating.
Canetillero, don't even tell me.  Newsboy.
Look, there were a number of accounts
that already existed.
This is a video in a series I
have to do, okay?  And they
're also pushing me to move the series forward,
but it's a series I have to do,
okay?  Look, please don't tell your mother
.  These are things that
nobody gives a [ __ ] about, right?  Javi
Oliveira Canitillero's mouth, right?  And then here
the content of the account is very
curious because it has certain
coincidences with other accounts such as
these.
Look, I don't know if there will be a
room.  They are accounts that appeared in the
Well, eh, there were other accounts before,
there were other accounts before that were
worse, they were very big.  They also talk
to each other.  One account
talks to the other account.  Anyway,
this has a series with all the
explanations and all the clues.
Okay, there was a
specific moment when I
presented those accounts
that were defaming me, that were
attacking me, not only me, but Uncle
Shur, Nauter, especially me and
Dallas, okay?  And above all, apart from
attacking me and Dallas, as soon
as he started
attacking me, well, anyway, I'm not going to give any more
details, okay?  But well, it was
an account that was
dedicated to Javi, you're a judge.  a kiss.
They were accounts that were dedicated to
retweeting everything bad about Dallas and
whoever was with Dallas and retweeting
everything good about other people.
Okay?  When I submitted those accounts
to a site where I had to submit them,
they disappeared.  The next day
they disappeared without me saying anything in
public.  And then these appeared,
right?  This and the canetillero, who
coincide in captures on many
occasions, provide information about
judicial proceedings that I
have no idea where they can get it from.
Okay, so this has a series of
such, right?  So what's it all about?
Well, they're people who may have a
public story or one that doesn't fit
with their private story, right?  Or with the
story that they go, I don't know, with the story of
their, I don't know, these are things that I will explain
well, okay?  I'll explain it well and I'll
tell you because, of course, there are a series of
clues that are... there are a series of
clues that you say, damn, but
this is almost an acknowledgment, do you
understand me?  There are a number of clues that
are almost a recognition, and I'll
explain why, okay?  Hello,
Javichu.  I just stopped by to say hi and how much
I enjoy watching you debate on
social media and lecture the haters.
Greetings from Los Angeles for the
next one.  I donate 100, lol.  Hey, well, I'll
stick with the word, okay?  I'll stick with
the word that I really like it when they
donate
100 to me. The movement that they usually have, there are other
people who don't, eh?  I mean, for example,
Peluca, the canine, eh, I think the one
with that bird, Blue, I don't know what.  Blue
Blue Bear, Blue Bear.  Blue Bear.  I don't think
so either.  Those are bad people.
Well, the Blue Bear speaks with
a lot, a lot of hate.  Gorgona, for example,
we knew who she was, we caught her
very quickly, okay?  But
when Blue Beer talks about you, about me, it speaks
with hatred, like something, you know?  that
something personal had happened to me,
right?  This son of a [ __ ] is a piece of [ __ ],
[ __ ], how disgusting.  Know?  These are things
that are transcendent because you see the dog and
the wig and they are children, they are kids
who are clearly ill, I mean, they are
stupid, they are special, do you understand me?
They are people who need
someone to pay attention to them.  Who listens to them
?  Okay, but they're usually
people who, for whatever reason, don't
want to do it with their identity, okay?
for whatever reason, because he needs unions
or because he wants to go too far.  The
account of the canetillero is, for
example, that Alici says some things to him that
you say, mother of God, Alisi.  Alici
tells him some things that are really awesome.  I know if
I have anything on hand around here
.  Well, by hand, but Alis says
some things to him that
are, in my opinion, shameless.
For my taste,
eh, I read your tweets, I'm not going to put you
on the screen because it shows photographs from
Patreon, okay?  Hey, we know that we
know that you
like this referring to Dallas, okay?   We
already know that you like those who have
had no previous experiences.  She may not
even have any traces of
Li's ex-husband's [ __ ] left because of how prudish she was
back when she was in Opus Day.  Yes,
Dallas, with Ari's
Instagram post when his sister-in-law died, he
assumed she was mocking him with a
song about being unfaithful.  We can say
that Liy with this other one is
implying that she no longer has a
crazy partner.  I don't know, a chase.
Delos will call Lizy 499, 30 or
55 when he does the talk with her, her
boyfriend Dallas and Windy Geirk.
What a respectful interviewer he is,
referring to a person like that
just for one
thing and for one thing only, he only gets
people to come to his podcast if he gets paid to
do it.  This was about Delos, which you now
surely defend on Delos, right?
What did you hide for a long time that you
had had a boob job?  He even said
that his size increase was due to eating
avocado.  After years he commented that he
went without a prosthesis with his fat, which
apparently also gave him a
butt.  Strange because I was
thinner before.  What a coincidence that just today,
the day after the video of
Dallas seriously telling Is to
cover her cleavage came out, she appears posting a
story with the photo with more cleavage.  It's
that they sleep on the same mattress, they
become the same condition.  There's
Lisp burning the cartridge of starting
to rip off her followers, who think that
the trinkets from AliExpress Shake and
Temu aren't
enough.  This is tremendous.  Well, I'm not
going to comment on this one.  There were, I mean, they are
words that, you know?  These are
very specific things that maybe many of you who are
new don't
understand, but well, those who know
a little about the lore, there are comments that
you say,
objective that someone has to move
to see a channel that they don't like for
your grandfather you promised us to see the lore of
our chancellor Espermatrago 18.
Phew!  But that Lore, when we finish
Cris Chance's, is not liked simply because it's
messing with him, simply because it's
trying to bother, because it's
trying, I swear I don't understand it,
but we're
also going a step further and there are
some who have an absolutely unhealthy thirst for
notoriety
.  For example, an acquaintance of mine
received a message that said, "Hi, it
's someone."
A kiss, Sergio.  Thank you so much.  I don't know
why it doesn't ring.
Hello, big Javios.
Greetings.  A kiss, Victor.  Damn, I
have to tell you something right now in
a little while so you'll all freak
out.  Ah, I have to tell you things
later, okay?  I have things to tell you.   Oh
my goodness, today's live show.  Oh my goodness,
today's live stream.   The
first gossip channel in Spain, far
surpassing whoever said it was.  From Cel, from
Nauterplay, from Javi Oliveira and from Tio
Shur, especially from Toshur.  I mean, you
have to be childish, absolutely
childish, to send a message like that from a
top gossip channel, and besides, Pablo
takes these things seriously.  You need to
learn a little more about the internet.
This causes them enormous frustration.
Because?  Why does it cause you such
enormous frustration?
Because of your own
content, which is defamatory, which is
all of these things, uh, because of your own
content, you absolutely need to
remain anonymous, because if you don't
remain anonymous, I mean, things are going to come back at you
, you're going to get
sued, you might end up with
some angry person coming to your house to demand
explanations, etc., etc.
So, you're trying to achieve a level of
notoriety that you can't achieve in your everyday life
, okay?  I mean, the people
around you can't
know, and you have this false notoriety on the
internet, right?  That false notoriety of
others like you also telling you,
"Wow, based on, I don't know what, I don't know how much and
such, but it doesn't satisfy you."   That
is, you live
frustrated by that, by not being
able to
socially capitalize on that supposed notoriety that
you think you
have.  I mean, it's tremendous.  It is
absolutely, I wouldn't know how to tell you,
it is worthy of study and I would like if
there is a psychologist.
Pablo is very crazy about
the haters.  I mean, you don't really have to
give it that much importance,
but it's not because you don't have to
give it that much importance, it's because it doesn't have any importance.  I mean, it
really isn't there.  I mean, what does it
matter what a canine, a
terfay, or someone else tells you, you know what I
mean?  Content, respond a little
more.  I mean, when you cross the line of
what's legal, you just go ahead and
file the corresponding lawsuits and
that's it, right?  And little else, right?  But
well, this man's thing, the
laser thing, makes me feel ashamed of
some things and such.
Now let's see what he
said here to Pablo, but I had
this open here: Yes, I mean, we were
discussing the other
day, we were
discussing the older people at Space the other day here.   We
were talking about
grown-up stuff and arguing about
Peppa, man.  I mean, the Peppa thing is very tough
, about a woman who asked for
money, she was receiving donations that were
going to be for cancer and they forgot to
give them, okay?  In 7 months.  Hm.  And
the guy was there trying to interrupt
the discussion the whole time to
say
this.  I don't know.  Let me ask a
question and I'll go now.  Yes, yes, yes.  We've
changed the subject now.  When I want with
another day with dad.  It's 15 seconds, it
's not even a debate.  It's that Hello,
hello, hello.  Look, Javi
is like an expert in gossip and he does
n't have a clue about cryptocurrencies.  He
said it himself.  So, both part
of your fandom and mine have
asked me, they have come to ask me
several things and one thing in particular.  And I wanted to
ask Javi if he used the
€10,500 he earned from Pambi to get
hair growth,
Botox, or surgery.  That's it.  This
was my question.
eaten.  Well, no, no,
because the operations are prior,
the 10,500 were later, but
well, maybe you left them as a
deposit like Dallas, like Dallas, I don't
know, I mean, we're talking about something
serious, right?  I mean, and he goes in for that because it's
like me, they are things that I don't, I mean, I don't
know if maybe he makes a lot of money on
his live shows again now that he's
gotten so much better.  Today he was
calling me, Dala, and
whoever he was criminals.  Today was another
shower of insults.  They sent it to me in
the youth group.  Lina
sent it to me, didn't she?  I don't know if it was Lina or
whoever it was or Wales, who is like me, they
are things that I can't find.   I'm
trying to find an explanation. It's like
when you get sued for
insults and you continue insulting,
charging people with crimes every day.  I mean, if
it were possible you would say, well,
save me.  Okay, save me.  It was a
savagery, it was, well, a
beast of content, okay?  But it's that
Save me.  He probably earned I don't know
how many millions of euros a
day.  This guy, I don't know if maybe he
has infinite money, I don't know, I do
n't know, honestly.  The
Dallas lawyer, known as the divorced former taxi driver
, Ojos Bailones, or The Rapper from
A Coruña, has opened a new channel.
Me, I mean, I had no [ __ ] idea about this
.  I had no [ __ ] idea about this and he
already knows.  To deal with the shadow ban
caused by haters.  On this channel, he
dedicates himself to talking about Jesus Christ because of the
parallels with the suffering he has
experienced.
Hater, because you don't even have blood.  You pull
Billy out through the forehead.  Hatter.  A fool
every day on the screen, brave,
stupid.  A pose from Andrew Tate and a
pure dumb brain.  [ __ ], you think
you're a soldier in a war.  You dedicate
your life to someone famous.  You edit
their photos, you give yourself a stupid nickname, you [ __ ]
NPC with disgusting habits.
You'll never get out of your
hole.  Pure
evil that you know that in your life there is only
darkness.  Pure evil.
Because seeing others laugh makes you
tense.